[2.19] Add content-hashing to pub docs (#4407)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/cmd/pub-get.md

in immediate dependencies (`--precompile`).
To prevent precompilation, use `--no-precompile`.

### `--enforce-lockfile`

Fetches dependencies, but will refuse to resolve
if anything deviates from `pubspec.lock`.
This is useful for deploying to prodcution,

> and ensuring reproducible runs in CI and production. 

Author: Skipping:
- The engineer specifically removed "deploying _to production_", not technically correct
- I think it's important to keep the dependent clause as is, "Fetches dependencies BUT (does other thing that doesn't normally happen when fetching dependencies)" is the very important point of the tool. Breaking the clauses up muddles the definition

> and ensuring reproducible runs in CI and production. 

Reviewer: **issue:** Tighten this language to ease readability and match later revised copy.

See your copy in [this file](https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www/pull/4407/files#diff-f24f8dca36386ceb9bc6e11d49921934f1486e12084bed60f621cd772348cd41R464-R471).

**question:** What does "resolve" mean here and in the linked copy? What is being resolved?

Author: Added the part about is causing an error as opposed to just a warning. 

> question: What does "resolve" mean here and in the linked copy? What is being resolved?

I was going to add a link to an explanation of package resolution elsewhere in the docs, but I realized the link I would've added is _to this page_. `pub get` itself _is the definition_ for package resolution; everything it does is what package resolution...is. Linking to the page we're already on seemed like overkill. We can assume that someone reading about `--enforce-lockfile` knows what "resolve" means in this context.

> Such deviations normally trigger a warning, but
> `--enforce-lockfile` turns it into an error.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Consider reversing the flow of this sentence to remove the qualifier.

```suggestion
Including `--enforce-lockfile` changes what would
be a warning into an error. This error prevents Dart
from resolving the dependencies until you remove
any deviation from the `pubspec.lock` file.
```

Author: Removing deviations from pubspec.lock is not an aspect of this, not going to incoporate
